feat(grid-esf): make excel style filtering work like in excel (#8193)
IgniteUI/igniteui-angular: CHANGELOG.md

## 10.2.0

### General
- `IgxGrid`, `IgxTreeGrid`, `IgxHierarchicalGrid`

>     - **Behavioral Change** - The Excel Style Filtering has been reworked to provide filtering experience such as in Excel. This includes the following changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Behavioral Change** - The Excel Style Filtering has been reworked to provide filtering experience such as in Excel. This includes the following changes:
```

        - You can close the Excel Style Filtering menu by pressing `Ctrl + Shift + L`.
        - You can apply the filter by pressing `Enter`.

>         - When filtering, only the rows that match your search term will be visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - When searching items in the Excel Style Filtering menu, only the rows that match your search term will be filtered in.
```
